let's see now how we did the
another day we had a plan to see castle
activated with breach of
contractual situations that we had
agreed with
the company organizing the action
caps therefore we have activated the plan
see the plan see that it will start from
of July 21 with a
initial concentration montecastillo that
out the match on the 23rd against the
athletic club and later on day 25
there will be another game that I think
our next days we will leave
closed from there we will leave
of Germany in the concentration that
was planned where they disputed the two
matches
and the return is scheduled for day 2
to Seville where the
trainings that attend the
planning to the fund was planned
say we have replaced this
concentration this fiber in turkey by
a master city for a concentration
closest in montecastillo and we have
maintained or we will maintain the level of
the friendly matches that is to say was
planned to play against olympique de
marseille against olympiacos we can
against the athletic club and another match
that is about to determine that I believe that
the next few days we will have it closed
the carranza with an option that
we contemplate
and we contemplate it especially because
sports level is a good option but
we also contemplate another seam for
so much I believe that the final decision the
We will take it within a maximum period of two days
well I'll answer you very
honestly and I when I accepted the challenge
to come to Real Betis football
logically he was informed of all
the projects that were open in the
club is to say something is for me
same I have four meters
said this because the president of the
board of directors put us
on Friday the situation both to me as
the technical body transmitted to us
tranquility
and if I tell the truth or a child never
my name is my only
obligations to do things the best
possible for the outside honestly
I have to isolate me a bit from the
situation
I have to think that this does not owe me
slow down in no time to get
make the best possible team that
let's have the best sports project
possible and good I think for the good
of beticism along the coast at the end
of the road they will be able to right themselves I think
that people are interested in today
what is going to be your get and what will be the
prototype and that what we're going to see the
next year in the villamarín and for
So there is where I have to be
concentrated hundred percent and where
coaching staff has to be
concentrated one hundred percent where the
players have the planning
we are fulfilling it scrupulously and
We will continue to fulfill it
moved at all an exact apex from
the board of directors that has not
transferred this tranquility and this
eternity to work for so much
I will scrupulously fulfill the
planning as
2 on May 1 that was my arrival at
real betis football
as for the exit operation we had
we were always working
there are situations that are progressing as
better a little more slowly than
we would like but this is progressing
I insist too many people
footballers we are not that those of
always as much as we can have
agreements between clubs no matter how much
let's see that the situation is good for a
footballer our other product
tried to convince him not then in this
I can not push myself
other clubs the footballers have to
have really debate let's go
advancing I am I am I can be
quiet not on the other hand as the
names will come many will have many
usual story now and again
listen to a footballer man who can
make futuribles for the betis like
want to call him
the reality that now after having
seated the team in what is the part
back what is the center of the field
we are going to focus a little more on
reinforce what is the offensive part
I'm not going to tell you the number of players
but really at least two players
of offensive features with another
contribution in speed of this balance and
that give us more consistency more strength
in attack we are going to bring
the characteristics of these players
Well, what is the type of football like?
that we want to perform vertical soccer
precision football speed soccer
therefore he has to be a footballer who
you adapt and that great in what already
we have behind you
even gave the name is telling me
will lose
it's worth clarifying it is not a
footballer who enters our plans
while to project the equation
just to tell you or just like
said the other day another player is not a
our objective